I am Chetan Londhe from India. I'm 24 yr old, currently doing
 Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics of telecommunication
 course through Cast reservation system of our nation, Due to
 my typhoid in 2018 i get gap in my career and one next year
 to get clear in those subjects, just because of that iv get
 little weak to score good in degree I'm getting trouble to
 get eligible for campus placement.  I'm looking for career in embedded system, by creating a strong profile ,so to add my skills in my resume I need some my own resources just like certificates as a proof that I'm developed my self in that courses.
In this corona situation my family is going in big financial
stress and Iv not able to ask them for more money, meanwhile
also giving some competitive exams in engineering to get
placed  ASAP so can provide financial  support to my family.
The annual income that iv added is my father's annual income,
even in that much money they try to give me 25$ as monthly pocket money ,but its not enough to fulfil my requirements of study materials for my engineering courses and competitive exams also so need this course through financial aid ,if after some time or months when i  eligible to pay I'm definitely try to pay your course fees.
pls help

I'm always interested in embedded system from my school time
so after my higher secondary education after consulting one of
 my tuition teacher iv choose Electronics and telecommunication
 course for my Engineering degree so that it could fulfill my
 passion for embedded system.
But due to some  medical reasons mentioned above box iv not get
enough score so I'v facing trouble in my campus placement .So
iv decided to develop myself in various fields  by getting
knowledge of that field and
 develop highly advanced projects ,which are required for me
 to make a strong profile as close to a embedded system
 engineer so i can get perfect opportunities through my career.
This course is my first step for programming field because iv
have develop myself in field such as python,C++ ,data
structures, machine learning etc which iv going to learn after
this course on this  coursera platform.
And after this knowledge im going to apply it on hardware such
microcontrollers and microprocessors like 8051,8085,pic,Arm M
series and after all  this i will forward my self for Arm A
series because its a current technology on which our electronics
 industries are  now woking.

Curranty there is still lockdown in my state and  high chances
to get more lockdown period in India. So right now I'm in last
year so iv to utilize this time as good as i can, so iv decided
to develop myself in embedded system, But  due this lockdown
there are no perfect income source is available for us so there
 are to much financial problems for me and my family ,but i don't
  want that this lockdown and my financial problems  to ruin this
   great time available for me.
